all right guys here we have the Amazon
fire TV we're going to go ahead and do
an unboxing and just show what it comes
with and then I'll put up another video
later showing how to use it and what it
can do so in the box first thing we're
going to get is the actual unit here
this is what's going to run everything
get an instruction manual and you get
your controller there and I'll also get
in the Box the power cord and some
triple A batteries for the controller
I'm curious if there's anything else
under here because I feel like they
should be a record of some type but
maybe not because I assume we have to
plug this in somewhere so I assume we
need a court of some type and I'm not
seeing a cord so that's what I actually
came in the box though we're going to go
ahead and get it set up later so I can
show you guys how it works alright so
like I was looking through the box and
found a curious they didn't have a cord
they don't include one you just need to
go to hdmi cord so we have one here you
can get the Amazon basics brand is
usually good price get it right there
when you buy the fire so just plug it
into your HDMI connect the power and
that's all you really need to do so
let's go ahead and test it out and see
what it does so we got the Amazon fire
TV i'll set up to the TV here and as you
can see this is just our home screen
lots of things you can just get right
into from your home screen then you can
go down click on movies it'll show you
some new movies added to prime and it
also give you some recommendations based
on what you watch and other things like
that go down to TV same thing as the
movies it's just the TV series and such
gonna show you recently added stuff as
well as recommended and latest things
that are added a watch list I guess
that's going to show things that you've
watched in the past video library if you
have any downloads you got your games
and then your apps which they apps are
nice because you can get into extra
things some people might have hulu plus
i use netflix a lot so it's nice that i
can use netflix and amazon prime on the
same device and then it's just got some
other apps which i don't use too much of
these other ones
but some people might use some of these
other ones more often you got I Heart
Radio which is nice and i believe ya
pandora as well i use pandora not i
heart but some people might use them
both or my use i heart so that's cool
that it's got that you can play music
right through your TV and then go back
got photos which I assume nothing's on
there really and then you can got your
settings where you can set up your
account and everything else pretty sure
that this comes set up to the account of
the ordering account that you ordered it
off of so like I'm not going to click on
my account because i want to show any
personal information but i'm pretty sure
they come set up to the account that you
ordered it from so it's real nice and
easy works right away so we'll go ahead
and show you a voice search which is
pretty cool little feature this to one
cool feature of the amazon fire TV is
it's got this voice search press this
button on the remote and it'll bring up
a menu on screen and you talk and you
can search for anything you want so
we'll just try searching for an actor
and bringing up the actors movies and TV
shows Tom Cruise and there you go it
says Tom Cruise will hit ok and as you
can see brings up all his movies try it
one more time Heath Ledger and same
thing get all Heath Ledger's movies and
TV so it's pretty cool you could search
for actors you can search for just TV
shows lost and really quick and easy you
can go to anything so it works real nice
it's lot quicker than typing and as you
can see it loads right up to lost and
then they'll bring you some other things
that have lost in the name but the first
one was the perfect one it's a pretty
cool feature